Code/ReadMe.md, before:

# Algorithm work done in class

- School folder 
    * 2th_grade folder
        1. Langton's ant 

    * GB3 contains the work done in class during the 4th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. App: Create an application with python and tkinter 
        2. S2: Semester 2
            1. Noah game project. (Score: 19.5/20)

    * GB4 contains the work done in class during the 4th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. Project: Create a tool to analyse proteins sequences and merge some tools. (Score: 19/20) 
            2. Supervised_Work : Work done in class with the teacher
        2. S2: Semester 2
            1. Algo: Exercices done in class for Algorythm for the biology course
            2. BDD: Exercices done in class for the database course
            3. java: Exercices done in class for the java course and project using database with java. 
            4. Modélisation_réseau_bio: Project done with scilab to modelise a biological network. (Score: 19.5/20)
            5. R: Project to predict the malignancy of a tumor using R. (Score: 19.5/20). Exercices done in class for the data analysis course
            6. Sys_admin: Project using bash to mount and unmound USB devices. (Score: 19/20)

    * GB5 contains the work done in class during the 5th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. html_css: Exercices done in class
            2. IA_bio: Exercices return and rating by the teacher. 
                | Number of the directed work | Rate        |
                | --------------------------- | ----------- |
                | TD1                         | Not rated   |
                | TD2                         | 4.5/5       |
                | TD3                         | Not rated yet |
                | TD4                         | Not rated   |
                | TD5                         | Not rated   |
            3. Php: Exercices done in class 

Should be added : 
Website: Project to create a website for a analysis lab using html, css, php and SQL. (Score: not returned yet)
DB: Project to create a database from scratch using SQL. (Score: not returned yet)
Integrative_Biology: Project to analyse biological EEG datas using python. (Score: not returned yet)


- Game folder
    * Contains some js code for a game. It is not finished, it's just proof of concept

- Side_project folder
    * Contains some python code for a side project I did for fun. 
        1. First one is a data analysis of the of COVID data provided by the government. Using ML and AI to predict the evolution of the pandemic in France, and show the time evolution on a gif. Forecastig, clustering, data visualization, etc.

        2. Second one is project I do for my girlfriend birthday, iIt's a visualisation of our trip in Roma using google maps data. Using networkx and matplotlib to show the evolution of our trip on a map, parsing of json file to get the data, etc.

- Codewars folder 
    * Contains some python code for codewars challenges. I did it for fun, to learn python and to improve my algorithmic skills. File are sorted by difficulty (1_kyu is the hardest, 8_kyu is the easiest)

Commit message:

update with the DB project

Code/ReadMe.md, after:

# Algorithm work done in class

- School folder 
    * 2th_grade folder
        1. Langton's ant 

    * GB3 contains the work done in class during the 4th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. App: Create an application with python and tkinter 
        2. S2: Semester 2
            1. Noah game project. (Score: 19.5/20)

    * GB4 contains the work done in class during the 4th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. Project: Create a tool to analyse proteins sequences and merge some tools. (Score: 19/20) 
            2. Supervised_Work : Work done in class with the teacher
        2. S2: Semester 2
            1. Algo: Exercices done in class for Algorythm for the biology course
            2. BDD: Exercices done in class for the database course
            3. java: Exercices done in class for the java course and project using database with java. 
            4. Modélisation_réseau_bio: Project done with scilab to modelise a biological network. (Score: 19.5/20)
            5. R: Project to predict the malignancy of a tumor using R. (Score: 19.5/20). Exercices done in class for the data analysis course
            6. Sys_admin: Project using bash to mount and unmound USB devices. (Score: 19/20)

    * GB5 contains the work done in class during the 5th grade of engineering school
        1. S1: Semester 1
            1. html_css: Exercices done in class
            2. IA_bio: Exercices return and rating by the teacher. 
                | Number of the directed work | Rate        |
                | --------------------------- | ----------- |
                | TD1                         | Not rated   |
                | TD2                         | 4.5/5       |
                | TD3                         | Not rated yet |
                | TD4                         | Not rated   |
                | TD5                         | Not rated   |
            3. Php: Exercices done in class 
            4. DB: The project : data base project for the 5th year of engineering school. Code done with [Antoine](https://github.com/Antempy). 
                The subject of the project: (Score: 18/20)
                - Create a database from scratch using SQL
                - The database should enable the user to : 
                    - Anticipate the risk of the appearance of an invasive species (plant/parasite) by knowing the main imports/exports of plants between countries
                    - Get all-country transportation of a given plant
                    - Getting all the species could be invasive in a given country
                    - Get all the species that could be invasive in a given country and that are transported by a given country
                    - Know if a quarantine time can prevent an invasion in a given country
                    - Know if a country has already been invaded by a given species
                    - Transport could have steps (max 3) and for each stop, we consider 1 day of stop. 
                    - Consider that the parasite could reduce the life duration of the plant 
                    - Update transportation table

                - Bonus
                    - implementation of a random test system for each query
                

Should be added : 
Website: Project to create a website for a analysis lab using html, css, php and SQL. (Score: not returned yet)
Integrative_Biology: Project to analyse biological EEG datas using python. (Score: not returned yet)


- Game folder
    * Contains some js code for a game. It is not finished, it's just proof of concept

- Side_project folder
    * Contains some python code for a side project I did for fun. 
        1. First one is a data analysis of the of COVID data provided by the government. Using ML and AI to predict the evolution of the pandemic in France, and show the time evolution on a gif. Forecastig, clustering, data visualization, etc.

        2. Second one is project I do for my girlfriend birthday, iIt's a visualisation of our trip in Roma using google maps data. Using networkx and matplotlib to show the evolution of our trip on a map, parsing of json file to get the data, etc.

- Codewars folder 
    * Contains some python code for codewars challenges. I did it for fun, to learn python and to improve my algorithmic skills. File are sorted by difficulty (1_kyu is the hardest, 8_kyu is the easiest)
